src/pages/content/uses/ajazz-ak33.md, before:

---
layout: ../../../layouts/usesPost.astro
title: Ajazz AK33
thumbnail: /assets/img/uses/ajazz33-3.webp
description: Mechanical keyboard
---

This used to be my daily driver as it was my first mechanical keyboard, I used it for both coding and playing, but now is my second option for coding and my main option for playing games.
I personally enjoy the typing sounds, I started to research abour how to imporve them, so ended modding the keyboard with foam and tape mods. No, not joking I literally put foam and tape under the pcb to avoid the hollow sound that this keyboard does and now it sound smooth.

![ajazz33-1.webp](/assets/img/uses/ajazz33-1.webp)

The Switches are Zorro Black a linear type switches similar to gateron or cherry reds, I don't know much about the label, it seems to be an Ajazz Original or some chinese label, but they do the job and as I mentioned, it was my first mechanical keyboard, I was ignorant about this topic.
I completely fell in love with it's 75% layout and I would never ever have a bigger keyboard than this.

Commit message:

Modify grammar on entries for ajazz, main pc and monitor

src/pages/content/uses/ajazz-ak33.md, after:

---
layout: ../../../layouts/usesPost.astro
title: Ajazz AK33
thumbnail: /assets/img/uses/ajazz33-3.webp
description: Mechanical keyboard
---

This used to be my daily driver as it was my first mechanical keyboard, I used it for both coding and gaming, but now is my secondary choice for coding and my primary option for playing games.
I personally enjoy the typing sounds, I started researching how to imporve them. I ended up modding the keyboard with foam and tape, No joke. I literally put foam and tape under the PCB to eliminate the hollow sound that this keyboard had, and now it sounds much smoother.

![ajazz33-1.webp](/assets/img/uses/ajazz33-1.webp)

The Switches are Zorro Black, which are linear switches similar to Gateron or Cherry Reds. I don't know much about the brand; it appears to be an Ajazz Original or some Chinese brand, but they get the job done. As I mentioned, it was my first mechanical keyboard, and I was ignorant about this topic back then.

I completely fell in love with its 75% layout and I would never consider using a bigger keyboard than this.
