src/pages/content/uses/main-pc.md, before:

---
layout: ../../../layouts/usesPost.astro
title: BUILD PC WORKSTATION
thumbnail: 
description: My main PC for coding and gaming
---

This computer is my main workstation, for app developing, designing, video editing, gaming and everything else. It’s very powerful and really a good foundation to create digital stuff. often I connect through remote desktop from other devices to work when I’m outside.

[**IMG**]()

It runs both Windows 11 and MacOS Ventura thanks to hackintosh dual booting, I often use both for coding but my daily driver is MacOS.


➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1"> [10th generation Intel Core i5 10400F up to 4.30GHz](https://www.amazon.com.mx/Procesador-Intel-I5-10400F-Frecuencia-Compatibles/dp/B0883PYCB4/ref=sr_1_1?__mk_es_MX=ÅMÅŽÕÑ&crid=3A5VN4D6BIK1F&keywords=i5+10400f&qid=1692648739&sprefix=i5+10400f%2Caps%2C143&sr=8-1) </span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1"> [Cooler Master Hyper T2 for cooling](https://www.cyberpuerta.mx/Computo-Hardware/Componentes/Enfriamiento-y-Ventilacion/Disipadores-para-CPU/Disipador-CPU-Cooler-Master-Hyper-T2-92mm-800-2800RPM.html)</span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1"> [XPG Spectrix D41 TUF Gaming DDR4, 3000MHz](https://www.amazon.com/SPECTRIX-3200MHz-Tungsten-Memory-Module/dp/B096K2RMQJ/ref=sr_1_2?crid=1WOOMAV8FYDQS&keywords=XPG+Spectrix+D41+TUF&qid=1692648946&sprefix=xpg+spectrix+d41+tuf%2Caps%2C152&sr=8-2)</span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1">  [Graphics Card Asrock AMD Radeon RX6600 Challenger D 8GB](https://www.asrock.com/Graphics-Card/AMD/Radeon%20RX%206600%20Challenger%20D%208GB/index.es.asp)</span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1">  [WD Green SN350 NVMe 1TB plus Seagate Barracuda 1TB SATA III](https://www.amazon.com/Western-Digital-960GB-Green-Internal/dp/B093QL29RZ/ref=sr_1_1?crid=1YN9683UYSZ4Z&keywords=WD+Green+SN350+NVMe&qid=1692649044&sprefix=wd+green+sn350+nvme%2Caps%2C136&sr=8-1)</span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1">  [Cooler Master Elite 550W Power Supply](https://www.amazon.com/Cooler-Master-Hydro-Dynamic-Bearing-Silent-MPE-5501-ACAAW-US/dp/B083LH5QCN/ref=sr_1_6?keywords=Cooler+Master+Elite+550W+Power+Supply&qid=1692649059&sr=8-6)</span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1">  [Asrock B460M Pro4 Mother Board](https://www.amazon.com/ASRock-B550-PRO4-Processors-Motherboard/dp/B089W2ZTHF/ref=sr_1_1?keywords=asrock+b460m+pro4+motherboard&qid=1692649080&sr=8-1)</span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1">  [All inside an XPG Invader Mid Tower Case](https://www.xpg.com/es/xpg/638)</span>

Commit message:

Modify grammar on entries for ajazz, main pc and monitor

src/pages/content/uses/main-pc.md, after:

---
layout: ../../../layouts/usesPost.astro
title: BUILD PC WORKSTATION
thumbnail: 
description: My main PC for coding and gaming
---

This computer serves as my primariy workstation for app development, design, video editing, gaming and various other tasks. It’s very powerful and provides an excellent foundation for creating digital content. Often when I'm outside, I connect it through remote desktop from other devices to continue working.

[**IMG**]()
It's set up to run both Windows 11 and MacOS Ventura thanks to hackintosh dual booting, While I frequently use both for coding, MacOS is my daily driver.


➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1"> [10th generation Intel Core i5 10400F up to 4.30GHz](https://www.amazon.com.mx/Procesador-Intel-I5-10400F-Frecuencia-Compatibles/dp/B0883PYCB4/ref=sr_1_1?__mk_es_MX=ÅMÅŽÕÑ&crid=3A5VN4D6BIK1F&keywords=i5+10400f&qid=1692648739&sprefix=i5+10400f%2Caps%2C143&sr=8-1) </span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1"> [Cooler Master Hyper T2 for cooling](https://www.cyberpuerta.mx/Computo-Hardware/Componentes/Enfriamiento-y-Ventilacion/Disipadores-para-CPU/Disipador-CPU-Cooler-Master-Hyper-T2-92mm-800-2800RPM.html)</span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1"> [XPG Spectrix D41 TUF Gaming DDR4, 3000MHz](https://www.amazon.com/SPECTRIX-3200MHz-Tungsten-Memory-Module/dp/B096K2RMQJ/ref=sr_1_2?crid=1WOOMAV8FYDQS&keywords=XPG+Spectrix+D41+TUF&qid=1692648946&sprefix=xpg+spectrix+d41+tuf%2Caps%2C152&sr=8-2)</span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1">  [Graphics Card Asrock AMD Radeon RX6600 Challenger D 8GB](https://www.asrock.com/Graphics-Card/AMD/Radeon%20RX%206600%20Challenger%20D%208GB/index.es.asp)</span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1">  [WD Green SN350 NVMe 1TB plus Seagate Barracuda 1TB SATA III](https://www.amazon.com/Western-Digital-960GB-Green-Internal/dp/B093QL29RZ/ref=sr_1_1?crid=1YN9683UYSZ4Z&keywords=WD+Green+SN350+NVMe&qid=1692649044&sprefix=wd+green+sn350+nvme%2Caps%2C136&sr=8-1)</span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1">  [Cooler Master Elite 550W Power Supply](https://www.amazon.com/Cooler-Master-Hydro-Dynamic-Bearing-Silent-MPE-5501-ACAAW-US/dp/B083LH5QCN/ref=sr_1_6?keywords=Cooler+Master+Elite+550W+Power+Supply&qid=1692649059&sr=8-6)</span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1">  [Asrock B460M Pro4 Mother Board](https://www.amazon.com/ASRock-B550-PRO4-Processors-Motherboard/dp/B089W2ZTHF/ref=sr_1_1?keywords=asrock+b460m+pro4+motherboard&qid=1692649080&sr=8-1)</span>

➡️ <span class="text-cyaned-500 bg-green-300 rounded-lg dark:bg-cyaned-900 dark:text-green-300 p-1">  [All inside an XPG Invader Mid Tower Case](https://www.xpg.com/es/xpg/638)</span>
